hello friends with you tq today we
talk again about great tanks
t-62
playing the game and starting to understand how
I still like her gradually
learn new tactics stupidly
trust in the enemies you start over
detail merge behind enemies for their
recharge for their every move because
the right choice can sometimes play
key role in fighting for a few
I liked dozens of fights so much
62 how to sell it I just don’t want to
it is perfect for all my
needs
she can go ahead can shoot
when you need to even be able to tank and for
all my fights I realized that really
the coolest gameplay is just on
lunch and
This tanks wagons that can and
push and defense to keep that not small
it is important in our game and the most important thing is that
dragging them is the easiest thing to do
compared to other classes but it
doesn't mean it's the easiest class
technicians on the contrary he is the hardest of
you all have a big
responsibility namely destroy
enemy u bp
besides, do not forget to friends that
in the open area there is a cross
artillery therefore priorities just
will be just for lunch and
gradually starting to meet in battle 4
level namely t-64 and wider don
Sheridan and usually not in the frontal
attack and often 60 fours and most
interesting that the t-62 doesn't feel
somehow defective in comparison with his
older brother he can equal
butting with him to the last drop of blood
and I will tell you this very much pleases therefore
here is my verdict
and my opinion of the t-62 is simply wonderful
car and leave it in the hangar
this friends we finish the analysis of the t-62 but
we will return to him in the future in the battles
after all, such a tank is ignored
just impossible with regard to will
we are slaughtered on the air map
anxiety
the guys and I decided to go on top
flank and take up defense there thought that
experience and begin to be interrupted there but
unfortunately we notice that the guys in
the opposite team still decided
break through the bottom flank yes and break through to
Our database I already managed to pick up
a certain amount of damage in your
the ridge
moreover he gave me upset
sad for 450 units it was just
great then notice love 150 think
so as not to shoot back while basically
there our kind of beat off our base
there is one scorpion just notice here
sheridan dangerous machine so her
just need to finish
but he is hiding behind the hangar I don't see him
there vegas and an understanding deuce top
trying to understand his father's shot and not
unfortunately you notice that
Sheridan rolls out of the hangar
gradually trying to somehow from there
move out
but Patton allied interferes leave in
alone let him tell him the same treasure
manages to sell me now
one of our guys will finish it all
milking well done thank you very much he helped out
our team
thereby giving us a chance of running ahead
I will say that to win this fight
shop kill everyone I think it's time to go
to the base because everything is pitiable
there in front of the enemies has accumulated there very
we need a lot of help to go to our guys
the viper has already jumped trying to knock down
capture from our base and as soon as I
I'll come to notice there is a certain
the number of enemy units already
here came the whole deuce by the way youth
and died in this place thanks to him
huge he helped me a lot
it is thanks to his dead body already i'm not
managed to survive and shoot at the enemy
tanks the whole deuce shoot shoot
the tower as I told you in the past video
before the turret not bad makes its way into
principle top precisely with outfits
very good at making some miracle
just do not get on a scorpion
Well, yes, accuracy certainly happens to us
always supportive here I finish
Scorpio is already on the rush and here we are with
Viper is already shouting at each other Kovacs
finish off so i ask him for a whisper
shot a shot out says passes
ricochet just lessons stalemate
there are only two of us left against three
Patton manages to finish and here we are
run around saying what's behind you now
most likely will bypass scorpion here
we do not think long turn and go
back so he lit up
scorpion and now there will be another 60 deuce
can deuce appeared viper his about and
finishes and that was the key
the key role you of course in our
Weber's victory is very distinguished in this battle
4 frags on the second level well done medal
for courage to exactly help out i decide
do not invent anything stupidly resist
scorpion in principle that he can not
make a game viper cover me from behind i
I felt soared, in principle, saw damage
I'll get it okay
food straight on it I charge the cumulative
projectile and trying to pick it up one
Shot and then shooting from the guard not
put a point in the jump runs away me
just a funny situation trying
aim and gun does not raise declared to
this from back smash about and not
finish off 30 remains and then the viper his
finish victory guys and so
interesting we have a pretty fight turned out
at first picked up when it was already left
very small super
we still decided to drag this fight and
We got good at this I
Thank you all very much for your attention
friends and see you tomorrow in the new
video bye bye